Tesla Motor 

Feature 1 - This app can open the door for you and show the difference between lock, unlocked, open or close. 

	Condition 1 - The user can see a lock sign if the door is lock.
		User - I can see the lock icon if the door is locked.

	Condition 2 - The app can unlock the door by clicking the unlock icon. 
		User - I can hear the unlock sound when I tap the unlock button.

	Condition 3 - The user can see the door is not open even though the door is unlocked.
		User - The animation of the car door didn’t show it was open but it did show it is unlock. 

	Condition 4 - The app clear enough space for user to open the car door.
		User - I can open the door once I press the open door button without the door handle.

	Condition 5 - The app will indicate the door is opened when they open the door. 
		User - I can see the animation of the door open if I left my door open.

	Condition 6 - The lock the car after the lock icon is press.
		User - I can hear the door lock once I pressed the lock button. 
			

Feature 2 - This car start the engine for you or warm up the car.

	Condition 1 - The user can preset time to start engine
		User - I can set a timer to when to start the engine.

	Condition 2 - The user can see the current temperature
		User - I can observe what the current temperature is inside the car.

	Condition 3 - The user can adjust the air conditioner to their desire temperature.
		User- I can manually change the temperature by pressing up and down.

	Condition 4 - The user can turn the climate control on or off.
		User - I can turn the climate control on or off by pressing the ‘turn on’ or ‘turn off’ button.

	Condition 5 - The user can see the climate control is on or off.
		User - I can see the animation of airflow if it is on or off.

	Condition 6 - The user can start the engine immediately by pressing the start button.
		User - I can start my engine immediately by pressing the start button 


Feature 3 - This car can see the milage or energy left. 

	Condition 1 - The user can see the car is charging on app.
		User - I can see the charging sign when I plug my charger into my car

	Condition 2 - The app calculate the amount of time it requires to charge a car.
		User - I can see how long does the charger takes to charge my car to full.

	Condition 3 - The app indicate the remaining milage of the state of battery.
		User - I can see how many miles are left with my current battery charge. 

	Condition 4 - The app also indicates the charging rate of different charger.
		User - I can see the charging rate, voltage and Amp.

	Condition 5 - The app notify the user if the battery of the car is running low.
		User - I receive a notification that the car is running low of power and need to charge soon.

	Condition 6 - The app send out a notification when the battery is full
		User - I gets a notification when the battery is fully charged. 